Another busy day, my daughter's going to preach, I'm off to work, and it's family worship night.
Bye dad. Have a good day sweetie.
All right let's end up. I got an announcement for everybody.
What? More required overtime?
Okay that's it, it's all I got. Let's get back to work.
It's extra money, but how can I do it and take care of Regina?
Isn't her family worship night?
Maybe a little later sweetie.
I wanted to, but I was spent again.
The world is such a mess. It's everything Jesus said it would be.
She's so good, spiritually minded like her mother was.
Can I expect she'll stay that way on her own?
If it is just like Noah's day, I need to show faith like he did.
It's our family worship.
I need to show faith in Jehovah and work hard to save my family.